(A dog appeared in front of yyxy!)
Olivia Hye: Come on, come on...
Chuu: Come on, yo!
(a swimming dog!)
Go Won: The dog is really good at swimming~
Go Won: The dog followed the duck and was like 'whoa~~~'
Go Won: Then the duck was like 'Wow~~~'
Go Won: Any way, really good at swimming!
Chuu: Do you know what it is?
Go Won: It was almost become our moves!
(Believe it or not...)
Go Won: Right, there was a move for 'considered a friend' part!
Chuu: Considered a friend!
(It's still a mystery whether it's true or not...)
(Anyway, the photo shooting in Budapest is over!)
Olivia Hye: It's done~
Yves: End!
Chuu: I was happy~
Chuu: even though there are so many flower petals
Chuu: You know, the weather is fine and I love it!
Yves: y
Chuu: y
Go Won: x!
Olivia Hye: Then how should I do?
Go Won: You're right. Let's do it again~